Gazebo new vehicles, ROS 2 frame conventions, multi vehicle simulation (#2396)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/simulation/README.md

## Simulator MAVLink API

> All simulators but Gazebo communicate with PX4 using the Simulator MAVLink API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All simulators except for Gazebo communicate with PX4 using the Simulator MAVLink API.
```

[HIL_STATE_QUATERNION](https://mavlink.io/en/messages/common.html#HIL_STATE_QUATERNION) | Sim to PX4 | Contains the actual "simulated" vehicle position, attitude, speed etc. This can be logged and compared to PX4's estimates for analysis and debugging (for example, checking how well an estimator works for noisy (simulated) sensor inputs).
[HIL_RC_INPUTS_RAW](https://mavlink.io/en/messages/common.html#HIL_RC_INPUTS_RAW) | Sim to PX4 | The RAW values of the RC channels received.

> PX4 directly uses [Gazebo API](https://gazebosim.org/docs) to interface with [Gazebo](../sim_gazebo_gz/README.md) and MAVlink is not required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PX4 directly usesthe  [Gazebo API](https://gazebosim.org/docs) to interface with [Gazebo](../sim_gazebo_gz/README.md) and MAVlink is not required.
```

## SITL Simulation Environment

> The diagram below shows a typical SITL simulation environment for any of the supported simulators but Gazebo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The diagram below shows a typical SITL simulation environment for any of the supported simulators that use MAVLink (i.e. all of them except Gazebo).
```
